##Slow-cooker pulled pork
Easy as pulled pork!

###Ingreditents
* 2 medium yellow onions, thinly sliced
* 4 medium garlic cloves, thinly sliced
* 1 cup chicken stock
* 1 Tbsp packed dark brown sugar
* 1 Tbsp chili powder
* 1 Tbsp salt, plus more as needed
* 1/2 Tbsp smoked paprika
* 1/2 tsp ground cumin
* 1/4 tsp ground cinnamon
* 1 boneless or bone-in pork shoulder (also known as pork butt), twine or netting removed
* 2 cups of your favourite BBQ sauce

___
###Method

Place the onions and garlic in an even layer in the slow cooker and pour in the stock.
Combine the sugar, chili powder, measured salt, cumin, paprika, and cinnamon in a small bowl. 
Pat the pork dry with paper towels.
Rub the spice mixture all over the pork and place the meat on top of the onions and garlic.
Cover and cook until the pork is fork tender, about 4 to 6 hours on high or 8 to 10 hours on low.
Turn off the slow cooker and remove the pork to a cutting board. 
Pour the mixture from the slow cooker through the strainer and return the solids to the slow cooker.
You can set the strained liquid aside if you like.
If the pork has a bone, remove and discard it.
Using 2 forks, shred the meat into bite-sized pieces, discarding any large pieces of fat. 
Return the shredded meat to the slow cooker, add the barbecue sauce, and mix to combine. 
If you’re not using barbecue sauce, use a spoon to skim and discard the fat from the surface of the strained cooking liquid, and then add 1/4 cup of the liquid at a time to the slow cooker until the pork is just moistened. 
Taste and season with salt as needed.

___
###Notes

Try not to make it too liquidy.
Add chilli if you like spicier pork.
You can sear the pork before placing in the slow cooker if you wish.
